content/en/gallery/misc/index.md, before:

---
title: "Wall o' ADVENTURE"
date: 2022-10-15T22:34:31-07:00
description: 
type: gallery
mode: one-by-one
tags:
- fun
- friends
series:
-
categories:
-
images: # when mode is one-by-one, images front matter works
  - image: Cleric+Mage.png
    caption: Helping my Friend's Mage
  - image: BeachDayFuns.png
    caption: Playing on the beach
  - image: MatchyBeachDay.png
    caption: In matching swimsuits
  - image: TiredAfterBeachDay.png
    caption: We got tired after playing
  - image: HamsterFoS1.png
    caption: New hamster mount
  - image: RidingKingCrab.png
    caption: Baby won a King Crab mount
  - image: KingCrabz.png
    caption: Its baby-sized!
  - image: WhereAmI.png
    caption: What happened!? Why am I? Is this heaven?
  - image: OMFG.png
    caption: Crazy fun GM event
  - image: ThatsALotofRed.png
    caption: Sooo much red in one spot!
---

This is my Wall o' ADVENTURE! Currently its a bunch of random screenshots from [Fiesta Online](http://fiesta.gamingo.com). In the future I plan on putting other screenshots from other games that don't fit with a particular theme or story here. I think I'll have more specific galleries for screenshots and peektures that have some kind of theme, but these are all I have at the moment.

Commit message:

Hugo was running! Meant to only update galleries
Wanted to just update the gallery descriptions, but hugo was running in
the background when it wasn't supposed to, so it generated the HTML
files too. I suppose its fine, just ignore those 😅

content/en/gallery/misc/index.md, after:

---
title: "Wall o' ADVENTURE"
date: 2022-10-15T22:34:31-07:00
description: 
type: gallery
mode: one-by-one
tags:
- fun
- friends
series:
-
categories:
-
images: # when mode is one-by-one, images front matter works
  - image: Cleric+Mage.png
    caption: Helping my Friend's Mage
  - image: BeachDayFuns.png
    caption: Playing on the beach
  - image: MatchyBeachDay.png
    caption: In matching swimsuits
  - image: TiredAfterBeachDay.png
    caption: We got tired after playing
  - image: HamsterFoS1.png
    caption: New hamster mount
  - image: RidingKingCrab.png
    caption: Baby won a King Crab mount
  - image: KingCrabz.png
    caption: Its baby-sized!
  - image: WhereAmI.png
    caption: What happened!? Why am I? Is this heaven?
  - image: OMFG.png
    caption: Crazy fun GM event
  - image: ThatsALotofRed.png
    caption: Sooo much red in one spot!
---

Oh boi! I'm not really sure what to do with this one. The original plan was to have screenshots of the ADVENTURES I've had in past games, but, with clips on Twitch and my [YouTube Archives](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkFe_D6-Ml99oIIwXaAMrMayxFG7lDdSE) I'm not really sure any more. I haven't updated it in **ages** 😅 Right now its just a random set of screenshots from one MMO I used to play. Maybe it'll showcase ADVENTURES I have with kittens? I don't know yet, thanks for looking though 😅
