content/en/gallery/creations/index.md, before:

---
title: "Yaya's Creations"
date: 2022-11-08T10:35:31-07:00
description: 
type: gallery
mode: one-by-one
tags:
- fun
- me
series:
-
categories:
-
images: # when mode is one-by-one, images front matter works
  - image: KotatsuKurisumasu.png
    caption: My Fiesta character was loosely based off this one, here she's enjoying a warm cup of tea and a Christmas cake and warming herself under a kotatsu table
  - image: SunnyFunALONE.png
    caption: Here's Yayoi again! This time she's having "fun" at the beach, but is all alone ( q . q )
  - image: Wallpaper-Hope.png
    caption: This a wallpaper from my favorite anime ( ^ w ^ )
  - image: Wallpaper-LostHope.png
    caption: A darker version of the other wallpaper
  - image: IwasThere.png
    caption: A new character appears! This little elf fell asleep but was awoken by a very bright light!
  - image: I'llNeverLetGo.png
    caption: Kotori surprised Yayoi with a hug from behind! I was too lazy to bother with a background ( o x o ;
---

I draw too! That's right I don't just play games, but I also like to draw. I don't get much time to draw, but I'm hoping to make some more time soon. I have ideas I want to do! Anyway, below are just a couple of things that I have drawn!

Commit message:

Fixed summary issue and added new peekture
Issue #2 pointed out that we had a problem with the summary for episode 4 of RE[BASE], i fixed it. I also added Allana's design sheet to my gallery.

content/en/gallery/creations/index.md, after:

---
title: "Yaya's Creations"
date: 2022-11-08T10:35:31-07:00
description: 
type: gallery
mode: one-by-one
tags:
- fun
- me
series:
-
categories:
-
images: # when mode is one-by-one, images front matter works
  - image: KotatsuKurisumasu.png
    caption: My Fiesta character was loosely based off this one, here she's enjoying a warm cup of tea and a Christmas cake and warming herself under a kotatsu table
  - image: SunnyFunALONE.png
    caption: Here's Yayoi again! This time she's having "fun" at the beach, but is all alone ( q . q )
  - image: Wallpaper-Hope.png
    caption: This a wallpaper from my favorite anime ( ^ w ^ )
  - image: Wallpaper-LostHope.png
    caption: A darker version of the other wallpaper
  - image: IwasThere.png
    caption: A new character appears! This little elf fell asleep but was awoken by a very bright light!
  - image: I'llNeverLetGo.png
    caption: Kotori surprised Yayoi with a hug from behind! I was too lazy to bother with a background ( o x o ;
  - image: AllanaDesignSheet.png
    caption: New character! This is Allana from RE[BASE]!
---

I draw too! That's right I don't just play games, but I also like to draw. I don't get much time to draw, but I'm hoping to make some more time soon. I have ideas I want to do! Anyway, below are just a couple of things that I have drawn!
