content/en/gallery/wallpapers/index.md, before:

---
title: "Wallpapers"
date: 2023-04-03T15:43:52-07:00
description: 
type: gallery
mode: one-by-one
tags:
- fun
- computers
- desktop
- wallpaper
series:
-
categories:
-
images: # when mode is one-by-one, images front matter works
  - image: snowflakes-and-fir-trees.jpg
    caption: "A good wintery picture!"
  - image: clovers.jpg
    caption: "A good, and very green, picture for March!"
  - image: spring.jpg
    caption: "My colorful spring wallpaper!"
  - image: beautiful-summer-landscape.jpg 
    caption: "And a summer wallpaper too!"
  - image: macos.png
    caption: "This is actually from the Dracula theme (more on that above)"
  - image: kaname_madoka__goddess_madoka.png
    caption: "Because sometimes I just want Madoka on my screen! By: illustratedillusions"
  - image: kaname_madoka.png 
    caption: "Cuz it can't just be Goddoka! By: slezzy7_dbdk110"
  - image: kaname_madoka_reflections.jpg
    caption: "Last Madoka, I promise!"
---

This is a collection of some of my favorite wallpapers. I like vector art and I like wallpapers that aren't too busy. If you like those things too, then maybe you should download *some* of these...or not...up to you 😜.

I do **not** own *any* of these wallpapers. If I have information on who created it, that information is in the caption! Also for basically all of autumn last year I rocked a very dark theme on all of my devices. This was the [Dracrula Theme](https://draculatheme.com) it was a really cool theme and the macOS wallpaper (there are other versions, check out the site!) for it is included below!

Commit message:

Added new images to gallery and some guide corrections

content/en/gallery/wallpapers/index.md, after:

---
title: "Wallpapers"
date: 2023-04-03T15:43:52-07:00
description: 
type: gallery
mode: one-by-one
tags:
- fun
- computers
- desktop
- wallpaper
series:
-
categories:
-
images: # when mode is one-by-one, images front matter works
  - image: snowflakes-and-fir-trees.jpg
    caption: "A good wintery picture!"
  - image: clovers.jpg
    caption: "A good, and very green, picture for March!"
  - image: spring.jpg
    caption: "My colorful spring wallpaper!"
  - image: beautiful-summer-landscape.jpg 
    caption: "And a summer wallpaper too!"
  - image: macos.png
    caption: "This is actually from the Dracula theme (more on that above)"
  - image: kaname_madoka__goddess_madoka.png
    caption: "Because sometimes I just want Madoka on my screen! By: illustratedillusions"
  - image: kaname_madoka.png 
    caption: "Cuz it can't just be Goddoka! By: slezzy7_dbdk110"
  - image: kaname_madoka_reflections.jpg
    caption: "Last Madoka, I promise!"
  - image: gura_ocean.jpg
    caption: Now for some Gawr Gura, cuz she my favorite vTuber, so there!
  - image: gura_slushie.jpg
    caption: Gura offers slushie for chu when it hot out!
  - image: gawr_gura_halloween.png
    caption: Gura looks cute on halloween!
  - image: BSOD-Windows8.png
    caption: "I'm more of a macOS girl, and not a fan of Windows even if I still have to use it...so this is my Windows wallpaper XD"
---

This is a collection of some of my favorite wallpapers. I like vector art and I like wallpapers that aren't too busy. If you like those things too, then maybe you should download *some* of these...or not...up to you 😜.

I do **not** own *any* of these wallpapers. If I have information on who created it, that information is in the caption! Also for basically all of autumn last year I rocked a very dark theme on all of my devices. This was the [Dracrula Theme](https://draculatheme.com) it was a really cool theme and the macOS wallpaper (there are other versions, check out the site!) for it is included below!
